Add inherit secret update to docs (#17354)
github/docs: data/reusables/actions/pass-inputs-to-reusable-workflows.md

      envPAT: ${{ secrets.envPAT }}
```
{% endraw %}

{% if actions-inherit-secrets-reusable-workflows %}

> Workflows in the same enterprise can take advantage of the `inherit` keyword to implicitly pass secrets to the called workflow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Workflows in the same enterprise can take advantage of the `inherit` keyword to implicitly pass secrets to the called workflow.
```

> Workflows calling reusable workflows in the same organization or in the same enterprise can use `inherit` keyword to implicitly pass the secrets.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Workflows that call reusable workflows in the same organization or enterprise can use the `inherit` keyword to implicitly pass the secrets.
```
